Welcome Everyone,

My Name is James Beitz and I am a Revature Trainee in the .net and C# stack.

Today I would like to introduce to you my Project 0, The Border of Many Lands. 

The Border of Many Lands is a Text Based RPG that I have been working on for the last 2 and a half weeks using the C# sharp language and the .Net console framework. Now let me show you how my application works.

When you first start the program you are immediatly thrown into the action. Waking on a cold stone floor you get your first choice, do you want to be a Mage or a Warrior? 

For now we are going to choose Warrior, woops, must have fat fingered my choice. 

But here I would like to point out the handling of bad inputs. To not break immersion my error message is written in a way that tell the user what went wrong but in an in character way. 

Now lets hit the right button this time. 

Now we enter the main game menu. We can move around, We can check out our "Awesome" Stats, or we can exit the program. 

Lets start by checking our stats. Wow 15 hp, I can work with that. Lets move around a bit. 

The navigation menu uses the cardnal directions for movement. North goes up, South goes down, and so on. Lets head north. 

Woops must have fat fingered it again. Notice that the error message again keeps up with some in character style dialog. 

Lets go North for real this time. 

Alright made it to a new room. Given the room description looks like I can only go east or west unless I want to backtrack south. 

Lets head west. Looks like we still can't go north but can keep going west or turn to the south. 

I'm going to keep heading west. 

Well this is a bit sad. Looks like our friend with the cake didn't make it. I'm a little suspicious of the cake though. 

I mean it looks perfectly preserved. Lets get out of here, I'm going to head south. 

Wow another empty room. I want to show off one last feature of my application and that is the location memory. 

The game remembers if you visited a room. So I'm going to head back north. 

And there we go. A message reminding us we've been here. 

And we are going to hit X to close the program. I would like to thank you all for being here. While I have a bit of time I will field any questions at this time. 